## HomeWork 5

I worked alone mostly. I found easy to me to go through the HW in that way to learn and to review material from class or other sources.


## Assigment 1

In the Assigment 1, we take a distribution from a real data and do some test to see which kind if distribution fit better. To plot i was helped by 


## Assigment 2

In the Assigment 2 following the skeleton we analize the differences btween salaries and we predict the future salary.


## Assigment 3

In this Assigment we have to stated the Null Hypothesis to be prociency on this important subject.

The promt od the Assigment states as follows:

**1. Do diets help lose more fat than the exercise? 
   Experimental setup: you have a test and a control sample.**
   
The idea of this experiment is that Diet helps to loose fat. So the Null Hypothesis should be stated in the opposite direction ( that does not help to loose fat).

Formally . Null Hypothesis will be that: Percentange of people who loose fat in the study group is less or equal than the percetage of people who looses fat in the control sample (who does only exercice).

Therefore, The alternative hypothesis is :Percentange of people who loose fat in the study group is greater than the percetage of people who looses fat in the control sample (who does only exercice).

$Ho$ = %people study lose fat >= % people sample lose fat or
$Ho$ = (people study lose fat /total people study) >= (people sample -fat /total people sample)

$Ha$ = %people study lose fat < % people sample lose fat or
$Ha$ = (people study lose fat /total people study) < (people sample -fat /total people sample)

**2.Do American trust the president?**
$POLL RESULTS: On May 16, 1994, Newsweek reported the results of a public opinion poll that asked: “From everything you know about Bill Clinton, does he have the honesty and integrity you expect in a president?” (p. 23). Poll surveyed 518 adults and 233, or 0.45 of them answered yes$

| **Vote Yes|  Vote No  |   
|:----------:|:----------|
233| 285| |||||||||


The idea is that the President is not trustworthy if % people who vote no is greater.

So The Null Hypothesis is that % of people who vote no are less or equal.

$Ho$: %people yes >= % people no
$Ha$ : %people yes < % people no

.
**3. Effectiveness of nicotine patches to quit smoking.**
$Experimental setup: measure cessation rates for smokers randomly assigned to use a nicotine patch versus a placebo patch.$

we have two groups , the one with Nicotine pacth (study group) and the placebo group.

We want to prove that patches works so the measure of cessation is greater tham the plavebo group.

So Ho is the opposite:

$Ho$ : rate of cessation in study group <= rate of cessation in placebo group
$Ha$: rate of cessation in study group > rate of cessation in placebo group


**4.Quantify the danger of smoking for pregnant women.**
$Experimemtal setup: measure IQ of children at ages 1, 2, 3, and 4 years of age.$

Idea: if it is true that there is danger in smoking during pregnancy , we will have babies with less IQ than average.

$Ho$: The average of measure of the IQ a ages 1,2,3, and 4 in babies with smoking mums is greater or equal than the average IQ in babies.

$Ha$: The average measure of the IQ a ages 1,2,3, and 4 in babies with smoking mums is less than the average IQ in babies.

So in math:

$Ho$: Sum(IQ_smok)/Babies_sm >= Sum (IQ_babies)/Total

$Ha$: Sum(IQ_smok)/Babies_sm < Sum (IQ_babies)/Total

